README.md, before:

UPC-FIB-PAE Project 2018-2019 Q1

# Why this project?
PAE is a subject from FIB(Facultat d'informàtica de Barcelona) that wants to teach to students abilities to create and sell ideas.

For this year, we have a challenge related with Blockchain. We need to use this technology to solve an actual problem.

The chosen product was a LinkedIn with the possibility to validate students or workers aptitudes, works and studies. The main reason to do it is that has been detected workers during last year without the career that they pretend to have.

Also, the system allows to maintain automated processes like: as a university, validate student's subjects and validate the whole career if all the subjects were passed.

# Commands to run the project
```
cd %PROJECT_FOLDER%
npm install
npm start
```

# Developer tools
This project is made as a prototype. For this reason it's only tested on separate _Ethereum_ network. To achieve this _Ganache_ is used.

You can download [here](https://truffleframework.com/ganache) _Ganache_ (GUI version).

After that is mandatory change from _Global.js_. You must change all the **_Globals.accounts.user.%NAME%_** values with **public keys generated by Ganache.**

Commit message:

Renamed components using use cases and added use cases in Readme file

README.md, after:

UPC-FIB-PAE Project 2018-2019 Q1

# Why this project?
PAE is a subject from FIB(Facultat d'informàtica de Barcelona) that wants to teach to students abilities to create and sell ideas.

For this year, we have a challenge related with Blockchain. We need to use this technology to solve an actual problem.

The chosen product was a LinkedIn with the possibility to validate students or workers aptitudes, works and studies. The main reason to do it is that has been detected workers during last year without the career that they pretend to have.

Also, the system allows to maintain automated processes like: as a university, validate student's subjects and validate the whole career if all the subjects were passed.

The main objective of this project is demonstrate that it's possible the main two cases to make a verified LinkedIn application.

## First Case: Identity pays to other to show its CV (if it's a person) or pays to look person's CV (if it's a company)
To simulate this case you have to do the next steps:
1. Go to http://localhost:3000/companies/everos/sendcv and press the button _Send CV_
2. Go to http://localhost:3000/users/mery/lookcv and look that there is a message explaining that there are aptitudes of the complete CV.

## Second Case: University has received user's fee transaction, create smart contract and interact with it.
1. Go to http://localhost:3000/universities/fib/smartcontract and press _Create smart contract_ to deploy a smart contract that validates the user when the student has three or more passed subjects.
2. Press three times the button _The student pass one subject more!_.
3. Go to http://localhost:3000/users/mery/lookvalidation and look that there is a message explaining that user is verified.

# Commands and actions to run the project
`Run Ganache`
```
cd %PROJECT_FOLDER%
npm install
npm start
```
`Now the server is running working on http://localhost:3000`

# Developer tools
This project is made as a prototype. For this reason it's only tested on separate _Ethereum_ network. To achieve this _Ganache_ is used.

You can download [here](https://truffleframework.com/ganache) _Ganache_ (GUI version).

After that is mandatory change from _Global.js_. You must change all the **_Globals.accounts.user.%NAME%_** values with **public keys generated by Ganache.** Also you can change Ganache configuration using the next mnemonic **__panel hurt state cousin source increase dinner royal mass example prison hand__** .
